1314 New Bid Schema Documentation (#1340)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/developers/json-rpc/types_chain.md

* `AddKeys` Adds the given collection of [named keys](#namedkey).

> * `Prune` Removes the pathing to the global state entry of the specified key. The pruned element remains reachable from previously generated global state root hashes, but will not be included in the next generated global state root hash and subsequent state accumulated from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Prune` Removes the pathing to the global state entry of the specified key. The pruned element remains reachable from previously generated global state root hashes, but will not be included in the next generated global state root hash and subsequent states.
```

Hex-encoded, formatted URef.

## ValidatorBid {#validatorbid}

An entry in the validator map.

* [`bonding_purse`](#uref) Bonding purse.

* `delegation_rate` The delegation rate.

> * `inactive` `true` if validator has been "evicted".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `inactive` `true` if the validator has been "evicted".
```
